Distribute the x86_64 binary to macos arm64 users (#58)
tarides/ocaml-platform: README.md

## Trying the Platform

To install the `ocaml-platform` tool, run the installer script as `root`:

```sh
sudo bash < <(curl -L https://github.com/tarides/ocaml-platform/releases/latest/download/installer.sh)
```

Don't hesitate to have a look at what the script does.
The script will install a static binary into `/usr/local/bin/ocaml-platform` and `opam` if it isn't already installed.
Currently, only linux (both amd64 and arm64) and macos (only amd64) are supported. Macos arm64 requires Rosetta to be installed. We plan on adding more targets soon.

> Then install the platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then install the Platform tools inside your set opam switch:
```

```
ocaml-platform
```

> This might need to build OCaml itself and the platform tools, which takes a few minutes. To understand how `ocaml-platform` works under the hood, go directly to the [Under the hood](#whats-under-the-hood) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the tools aren't cached yet, this needs to build OCaml itself and the Platform tools, which takes a few minutes. To understand how `ocaml-platform` works under the hood, go directly to the [Under the hood](#whats-under-the-hood) section.
```
